---
title: "January 22, 2024"
date: "2024-02-01T02:58:54.438Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "Imported archive"
sourceId: "2ed1aaf8-5de5-3d7a-9c30-288f300d269c"
legacyCommentCount: 0
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
The night went well. Dilantin seemed to shut things down. They talked to us this morning about how they usually use Dilantin as a very last resort because of how strong it is but her body couldn't keep going as is and there wasn't much of a choice. No meds will change today so we can get through her MRI and PET. Tomorrow we will start working out a better plan with meds moving forward.

Good news is that it still seems like all her seizures are coming from the exact same spot and presenting the same way. This is good news as hopefully surgery will be an option. The MRI and PET today will be telling. If it is normal we will have to do further testing (SEEG) at another time. If they see a clear area, they may be able to move forward with surgery without anymore info.

Quick update: it's officially been 24 hours since her last focal seizure!  It's because she's on fosphenytoin right now.  She can't stay on it though.  We're hoping it can act as a bridge until Fycompa is ramped up.

They are also going to do a lumbar puncture while she is under. They are doing it out of extreme precaution. But the way that her seizures have come on so fast and have progressed quickly they want to rule out any infections, autoimmune issues, etc. This process may be necessary for the board to approve a surgery as well. So we are just doing it now while she is already under.

A large board (30+ people) will meet either later this week or early next week to discuss her case. We won't know all of the details until our appointment on the 5th - unless they schedule something sooner, which they may. However, the epileptologists will have access to the MRI scans before they are officially read. So hopefully we will have an idea if anything showed up while we are here.

Update: 

Well she is out and is madder than a hornet. She is currently eating goldfish while hiding under a blanket yelling, screaming, and sobbing. 😭😳 

But she did well.
