---
title: "February 14, 2024 - What if... ?"
date: "2024-02-14T13:00:27.659Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "Imported archive"
sourceId: "79cc467d-714d-3a3a-8c3f-a39781d36c83"
legacyCommentCount: 11
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
Couldn't sleep last night.  We are now staring down brain surgery tomorrow, and alarming doubt is setting in.  What if?  

What if it doesn't it fix the problem?  What if she has complications?  What if it DOES affect her memory?  (and what if she doesn't remember me?)  What if she... nah, I can't finish that sentence.  That is... the BIG one.  The elephant in the room.  

I'm reminded of Abraham leading his son Isaac to the altar in Genesis 22:1-19.  Ultimately, God intervened and provided a different sacrifice in place of his son, and it feels a bit like that right now.  Like we've been leading Lyla down this path of going under the knife thinking to ourselves - "Ok God, I think NOW is the time that you'd usually intervene (1 month out).  No?  Not yet?  Ok, it's probably... NOW, right? (1 week out). Still no??? *Sweating* Ok then... You ARE going to intervene here right??? (Today - 1 day out)

Hard to know what "God's plan" is, right?  It sometimes seems like when I pray, I'm telling God what the plan should be.  Today, my prayer will be that He turns broken to beauty in His way and in recognition that it could play out in a multitude of ways - some good and some bad.   That is... Good or bad for me.  According to MY plan.  I have to trust that God's plan has a bigger perspective that is not quite so Lee-focused.

I'm just going to share a few song lyrics (One from Lyla herself!) to help get us through the day as reminders for when the "What ifs" creep (uhh maybe POUR?) in.

**Songs in my head:**

"Trust" - Lyla Klopfenstein
[Trust video](https://www.facebook.com/share/v/Ckyt9pY69o4FmQBt/?mibextid=WC7FNe)

"Oh how I need You, Lord
How I need You in the valleys
When my story's too heavy to hold.

I choose to worship You
Because You love me through the darkness, Jesus
You are the way"

"Broken to Beauty"

"We have the faith You can heal us yet You still have a plan
You turn broken to beauty when we don't understand
When we don't understand, You turn to broken to beauty

Lord we don't need to see it, and we don't need to fear
You turn broken to beauty even through all the tears
You turn broken to beauty even through all the tears

So when this life turns to chaos, the constant turning of tide
Give us a greater perspective so we can love deep and wide
Give us a greater perspective so we can love deep and wide
You turn broken to beauty
