---
title: "January 30, 2024"
date: "2024-02-01T03:13:44.687Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "CaringBridge"
sourceId: "26c263e8-e662-30f0-8740-8f86d4220d08"
commentsImported: 0
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
We got a call from Dr. Pestana-Knight today.  The Neurosurgeons met to discuss Lyla's case on Monday, and they had the board meeting (and ALL of Radiology was there) today, and they were all in agreement that it's either a tumor or a malformation.  The best path forward is to move forward with moving up surgery and not doing the sEEG.  She said the next steps are to meet with the Surgeon for a discussion appt., then come back for an MRI with contrast to define what EXACTLY the boundaries are for the resect.  Then... Surgery.  We had initially talked about a roughly 3 month timeline.  She said it won't be 3 months, but rather sooner than that.  Unclear as to exactly HOW soon just yet.

We got off the phone, and probably 20 minutes later got a call saying the Surgeon (Dr. Bingaman - https://my.clevelandclinic.org/staff/2085-william-bingaman ) is able to meet with us tomorrow, so that made us feel as if it might be happening pretty darn soon here.  I feel AWESOME that it's going to be him, because people travel  from other countries to have him do their surgery.  World renowned.   

Scared and hopeful in this moment.  It was nice to have our night of somewhat normal before getting that call today.  So in the words of the great poet, Marshall Mathers... Back to reality (ope there goes gravity).  

Any chance you could do us a favor and see if you can think through our little prayer chain here to consider just how far reaching it is?  What cities/states are represented in our unified prayers for Lyla??  

Blessings:
- The blessings just continue to pour in, and it couldn't be more humbling.  I'm learning how to be on the receiving end of love and care from others.  It's simply beautiful to see the body of Christ at work on the giving end, and man... on the receiving end... it's just... humbling.  Super emotional.  Crying as if to say, "What on earth did I do to deserve THIS?!?!"  Realizing it's a pretty good parallel to God's grace.  I/we didn't do anything to deserve it, it's simply LOVE.
- At the Cavs game last night... when the crowd was chanting "DE - FENSE!!"  *clap clap*, noticing that Lyla was saying something a bit different... "JE - SUS!!" *clap clap*. &#x1f602; She MAY have been hearing it wrong, but... so fitting.  So right.  So hilarious.

Struggles:
- It's still hard to think about where we're at with Lyla right now, especially in contrast to where she was just 9 months ago.  Trying to come to grips with this.
- Being out of a routine at home has meant less of our intentional prayer time to start each morning.
