---
title: "January 23, 2024"
date: "2024-02-01T03:02:08.190Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "CaringBridge"
sourceId: "e0f71545-824b-3cac-ae81-74ab49bca82d"
commentsImported: 0
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
Dr. Pestana-Knight and Dr. De La Pena (our new friend, Amaya) came in today to do rounds.  They told us some very interesting stuff.  After further reviewing the MRI and PET Scans, they were able to see a very clear cut area of the brain where these seizures are coming from, so in their opinion (before this goes to the board to decide), she's a very good candidate for surgery.  It's also their opinion that the board will likely approve surgery without further (invasive) testing.  

Wow.  Ok then.  What a blessing - what great news!  But oh wait... that means our sweet 8-year-old Lyla would be having brain surgery in the near future.  This mixture of extreme fear and hope totally encapsulates today. The plan right now is to get her off some meds (targeting Epidiolex and taking Keppra down a bit), and using Dilantin as a bridge medicine to get us to surgery (they are giving a ballpark of 3 months, max)

Still needs to be approved by the board, but it looks like this is our path forward.  It's completely surreal to look back at the last 8 months and come to grips with this state being where we're at.  Asking questions like, "This... IS what we were hoping for this week... right?"  and "How'd we get here so fast??" and "Brain surgery??  Are we sure??".  It's so easy for doubt to creep on in, but we keep re-centering ourselves in prayer and the realization that we simply ALL want what's best for Lyla.  I think we are realizing where this is headed, but it's just extremely difficult to say "Brain Surgery" and "Lyla Klopfenstein" in the same sentence.  Lots of emotions/tears today.

Blessings:
- A seemingly clear path forward
- A medicine that's looking like it'll work well as a bridge, albeit with bouts of INSANE rage. (over 48 hours seizure free!!)

Struggles:
- Emotions.  It's just super difficult coming to grips with where we're at.
