---
title: "April 8, 2024 - Down"
date: "2024-04-09T00:40:56.700Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "CaringBridge"
sourceId: "99c45801-c3d0-3980-a980-750d110cacf5"
commentsImported: 1
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
Just a quick update here.  

Occasionally, I'll write a piece of music (rarely ever with lyrics) and record it as a voice memo on my phone.  If I come back to it a few days later and don't hate it, maybe I'll do something with it.  Well, I'll sometimes send it to Kayla or my parents or someone close to get their opinion.  On March 30th, I sent something to Kayla, Mom, and Dad then promptly forgot about it.  A few things happened in the meantime.

Fast forward to after the fire and after the latest Cleveland Clinic trip.

Mom texted me - Hey, did you ever go back and listen to that song you sent?  Nope.  Don't even remember it.  Well, I listened to it again.  

**Song (or rather, rough song idea for a chorus or something) on repeat tonight:
**[Down - me](https://soundcloud.com/lklopfenstein/down?si=5ed6ec8abb6f47fbac76d1b0338759d9&utm_source=clipboard&utm_medium=text&utm_campaign=social_sharing)
"Tear it all down, tear it all down, tear it all down
When my faith's in outcomes, oh I cannot hide

Tear it all down, tear it all down, tear it all down
Lord in Your presence, my purpose is found"

**Final Thoughts and Prayer**:
If writing these posts is like baring my chest to the world, then sharing a rough song idea certainly involves baring my undergarments.  My hope is that it simply speaks to you in some way, even if it IS at my expense.

God... please use my humble posts to speak to others and put Your love on display.  Simply let me mirror Your intense love for all and leave it at that.  

Again, You are compelling enough on Your own.  I love You. 
Amen
