---
title: "January 21, 2024"
date: "2024-02-01T02:52:07.075Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "CaringBridge"
sourceId: "e225ff9b-3da7-3ce2-a3d2-32b8321018f7"
commentsImported: 0
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
Peanut is having a lot of "silent" seizures right now...more activity than before and much more than they are wanting to see. The seizures are all showing up on the EEG and she is feeling them but they aren't all turning into full focals. It feels pretty constant. 

We are in a difficult place with meds because we can't increase any of her 3 normal meds. The fourth new med (Fycompa) has to be increased gradually so we also can't increase that one yet. There is an another med that they would normally try (Depakote); however, if surgery is an option she can't be on it prior to surgery so that rules this one out too. This leaves us with adding on a temporary med to try and calm things down. They are going to do a Dilantin push through her IV. They only want her on this a couple of days as this isn't a good long-term med. They will be watching her breathing and lethargy closely. There is a chance she will be moved to ICU. There is a concern of her respiratory system being affected with so many meds and the ICU is more equipped to watch her more closely. We will see how she responds to that med. 

Also please keep praying for her to eat. She only got in about 440 calories yesterday. Today she has only had around 50.

Blessing: This morning she rallied for about an hour and played with her sticker book and giggled with Micah. It was really sweet to see:)

Update #1:
At 6 pm the team will review her EEG to see how much seizure activity there has been since the Dilantin push. If that seemed to shut things down then she will stay here in the EMU and receive a maintenance dose of Dilantin every 8 hrs as a bridge until we can increase the Fycompa. If there is still a decent amount of activity by 6pm then they will move her to ICU so they can up the meds even more.

Update#2:

Okay... just heard from the nurses. "Silent" seizure activity is WAY down so she gets to stay put... woohoo!!! She will continue to be on a maintenance dose (lower than what she got today) of Dilantin for the time being.  If she continues doing well during the night the plan is to have her MRI and PET tomorrow. Then they will probably rehook her up to the EEG and she will come back to the EMU floor while they continue getting her meds stabilized. If for some reason she ends up having more than 5 seizures in an hour they are going to move us to ICU and the two tests for tomorrow will be postponed. 

We are really pleased with how she is doing... a BIG difference from the last two days. Hopeful that the night will go well too.
