---
title: "January 24, 2024"
date: "2024-02-01T03:05:06.798Z"
author: "Lee Klopfenstein"
source: "CaringBridge"
sourceId: "31d2d2fd-0ff5-3de9-b5de-42abdd7f30b3"
commentsImported: 0
pinned: false
coverImage: ""
---
Lyla is continuing to keep the seizures away with the Dilantin (3.5 days now of ZERO focal seizures!), and is continuing to eat/drink well.  She's off the fluids, and the Fosphenytoin has been replaced with the pill form (truly Dilantin now).  She's off the Epidiolex now, and Keppra is now down to twice a day instead of 3x.  

Tomorrow is now the big day - Dr. Amaya De la Pena is presenting her case to the board and everyone has to be on board.  They seem to think that everything is in order to move forward with a clear cut surgery without the need for the invasive test (SEEG), but we'll find out tomorrow.  Meeting is at 12pm, so we'll know around 1:30pm they said.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE unite with us in prayer between 12:00pm and 1:30pm.  Seriously.  Tell everyone you know that is invested in this as well.  Let's lift exhausted little Lyla up with our prayers, begging and pleading God with us on her behalf.  No need to tell us who/where is uniting with us in prayer, but if you're so inclined to do so, stick names/locations in this thread so we can show her &#x1f60a; - I'm sure that'll lift her spirits and encourage her to pray even more to "God, Jesus, and Holy Spirit". (You guys know the drill). 

Blessings:
- Lyla's personality is showing again.  Loving the smiles, giggles, kind soul, etc.  You know what I'm talking about!! You know her! &#x1f60a; 
- They are referring her to Make a Wish.  We'll see what happens with that, but it was cool to see her kind of light up when she realized there's not just maybe a light at the end of the tunnel, but maybe something pretty cool to look forward to after that!  It'll be fun to hear her start to toss around some ideas. &#x1f60a; 

Struggles:
- Poor Lyla girl has had a completely wrong meal sent to her for almost every meal over the past 2-3 days.  We just laugh about it at this point and figure out something else for her, but man... that's a pretty intense level of fail on the food staff's part. &#x1f602;  Tonight's dinner was correct.  Haha 
- Neither Kayla nor I are sleeping well.  Kayla is staying each night at the hospital, while I take a shuttle back and forth to the Ronald Mcdonald House.  I've offered to switch back and forth, but KK feels she'd sleep worse being away from her side.
- Returning calls/texts.  We feel so loved and cared for, but we've now kind of developed a bit of a stressful mental list of all the folks we need to call/text back each day.  I think we're ending the day without a response to about 6 or 7 different folks - that number is highly likely to grow tomorrow.  We're truly apologetic about it and want everyone to know that we're feeling the love even when we're not getting back!  

MUCH love to ALL of you.  We truly feel like you're battling this WITH us.
